Docs/waf v5 docs (#6694)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: site/content/configuration/security.md

### Configure root filesystem as read-only

{{< caution >}}
 This feature is compatible with [NGINX App Protect WAFv5](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf-v5/). It is not compatible with [NGINX App Protect WAF](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/) or [NGINX App Protect DoS](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-dos/).
{{< /caution >}}

> NGINX Ingress Controller is designed to be resilient against attacks in various ways, such as running the service as non-root to avoid changes to files. We recommend setting filesystems on all three containers: `nginx-ingress-controller`, `waf-enforcer` and `waf-config-mgr` to read-only, so that the attack surface is further reduced by limiting changes to binaries and libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINX Ingress Controller is designed to be resilient against attacks in various ways, such as running the service as non-root to avoid changes to files. We recommend setting filesystems on all containers to read-only, this includes `nginx-ingress-controller`, also `waf-enforcer` and `waf-config-mgr` when NGINX App Protect WAFv5 is in use.  This is so that the attack surface is further reduced by limiting changes to binaries and libraries.
```

> This is not enabled by default, but can be enabled with **Helm** using the [**controller.readOnlyRootFilesystem**]({{< relref "installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm.md#configuration" >}}) argument, and in security contexts in both: `waf_enforcer` [**controller.appprotect.enforcer.securityContext{}**]({{ < relref "installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm.md#configuration" >}}) and `waf_config_mgr` [**controller.appprotect.configManager.securityContext{}**]({{ < relref "installation/installing-nic/installation-with-helm.md#configuration" >}}).

Reviewer: It might be better to refer here to using the security context to set `readOnlyRootFilesystem` across all containers.
